how are you doing and today we have a
classic dessert that you like from the most
small to the older ones we are going to
start by heating the oven to 180 degrees
it's very important so we have the oven
hot when we put the cake
inside here we have the ingredients
we want important tulip sugar
yolks lemon juice lemon zest
we have the flour we have a little bit of
yeast a little sugar vanilla
dow then we have egg whites for
beat them to the point of snow and for
We also have a tulip very
necessary icing sugar lemon juice and
milk we started very important tulip
we add tulip in the bowl we need
add the sugar
and we are going to beat it beats that remain
spongy
then we begin to add the rest
of the ingredients we continue to add
the egg yolks and we continue
beating
and then we will add the rest of
the ingredients
there must be a homogeneous mass
we stopped
and now let's add the lemon juice
the lemon skin
we continue beating
we stop again and now we will add the
flour together with the yeast
and if we like a little sugar
vanilla dow we mix it a little bit
Now we add the flour little by little
inside the mass
we beat a little we booked half
always at moderate speed
very creamy
we stopped
we add the rest of the flour
and we continue beating
we continue and we are going to beat the whites of
egg to the point of snow we put the
clear in the bowl
and what we 're going to do is we're going to
beat with the electric mixer to
big speed
we already have the clear beaten to the point of
snow
and we see it when the mass is
practically totally solid and it
Hold on the spoon now let's
mix the egg whites with the dough
tulip eggs flour and sugar
then what we do is we take
a language and we are adding the whites
little by little
it is important that we be careful
because we have to keep the air that
we have in the clear
we mix
always little by little
we already have the mass well mixed
homogeneous
remember that tulip provides us
ease to mix and then in the
cake juiciness flavor and fluffiness
we take a mold and it is important that
we have the inside of the mold with a
little tulip
the next step we are going to introduce the
mass inside the mold
once well distributed we are going to bake it
at 180 degrees for 35 minutes
we take it out of the oven and there we have a
cake with a lot of juicy flavor and
spongy thanks to tulip next
let's make the class
tulip a spoonful in this case
then add the milk
once we have milk and tulip
perfectly fused we will add the
sugar
we heat it slightly and finally
we will add the lemon juice
once we have added lemon juice
What we will do is remove it from the fire and
we'll let it cool
we already have the cold garbage we have
beaten so that the dough is
perfectly opaque and what we are going to
to do is we're going to spread it over
from the cake
so that it is well distributed
and finally there we have the cake of
lemon
thank you very much for following us